ceph: add an option to enable/disable merge all placement (#8381)
rook/rook: Documentation/ceph-cluster-crd.md

  * `config`: Config settings applied to all OSDs on the node unless overridden by `devices`. See the [config settings](#osd-configuration-settings) below.
  * [storage selection settings](#storage-selection-settings)
  * [Storage Class Device Sets](#storage-class-device-sets)

>   * `onlyApplySpecificOSDPlacement`: `false` or `true`, In case of false, for OSD, will merge nodeAffinity of the placement.All() with placement.osd(in case of non-PVCs) or storageClassDeviceSets.placement(in case of PVCs), for prepareOSD will merge nodeAffinity of the placement.All() with placement.prepareosd(in case of non-PVCs) or storageClassDeviceSets.preparePlacement(in case of PVCs) vice-versa when true.

Reviewer: I would suggest using an easier explanation as mentioned in the [comment](https://github.com/rook/rook/pull/8381#discussion_r678411565).

Author: added.

  * `config`: Config settings applied to all OSDs on the node unless overridden by `devices`. See the [config settings](#osd-configuration-settings) below.
  * [storage selection settings](#storage-selection-settings)
  * [Storage Class Device Sets](#storage-class-device-sets)

>   * `onlyApplySpecificOSDPlacement`: `false` or `true`, The placement for OSDs is computed from several different places:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * `onlyApplySpecificOSDPlacement`: Whether the placement specific for OSDs is merged with the `all` placement. If `false`, the OSD placement will be merged with the `all` placement. if true`, the OSD placement will be applied and the `all` placement will be ignored. The placement for OSDs is computed from several different places depending on the type of OSD:
```

Author: done.

      - For non-PVCs: `placement.all` and `placement.osd`
      - For PVCs: `placement.all` and inside the storageClassDeviceSet from the `placement` or `preparePlacement`

>     The placement(only nodeAffinity) from these sources will be merged by default (if onlyApplySpecificOSDPlacement is false).

Reviewer 2: No need for this paragraph if we go with the suggestion above

  * `config`: Config settings applied to all OSDs on the node unless overridden by `devices`. See the [config settings](#osd-configuration-settings) below.
  * [storage selection settings](#storage-selection-settings)
  * [Storage Class Device Sets](#storage-class-device-sets)

> * `disruptionManagement`: The section for configuring management of daemon disruptions

Reviewer 3: @travisn Was this an intended deletion from the docs?

Reviewer 2: Good catch, not intended. @subhamkrai Could you add this back? Thanks!

Reviewer 3: I was quite confused while reading the docs and trying to decipher where the `disruptionManagement` key should be placed 😅

Author: added back. Thanks, @hjkatz
